[Music]
How are you my dear Lovers of the
heart here we continue with all the
news from the world of the heart and well it
turns out that Jiménez los santos made a
very curious comparison between Marta
Riesco and Alba Carrillo you already know that
both are two former figures of half set and
are the ones who are making the most noise
after their respective betos Alba with
controversial statements about her former
home and Marta entering every now and then
into a puddle like the one of the
unpleasant mockery of her former friend
Federico Jiménez los santos precisely
has compared them in his pink Chronicle in
a talk show dedicated to Marta's new job
as a reporter for a
website for extramarital contacts I see her
as Alba who has an attractive point
and automatically the intense part of her
personality which is very intense
infiltrates the man from Teruel refers to the
outbursts that Marta sometimes
stars in her social networks
criticizing or throwing barbs at Antonio
David Flores or someone in his family the
famous outbreaks that give so much content
on heart channels on YouTube do
you think they will come back one day
Alba  Carrillo and Marta Ariesco will be working
in half sets and if that is the case, do you think they would be
together on a program
sharing a set? I will be reading them in
the comments. Remember to leave your
like and subscribe so you
never miss a single news item from the world of the
family. I send you a big hug
and we will see each other later with more
gossip.